>> For as long as mankind
has fixed his gaze upon
the heavens, the age-old
question has remained.
Are we alone in the universe?
As our tools for exploring
this vast expanse
continue to improve, the
answer to our question
comes more clearly into focus.
It's now estimated that for
every grain of sand on planet
Earth, there is another
Earth-like planet
capable of sustaining life.
So can we truly be alone?
>> I can introduce a man who
says there are more things
between heaven and hell than
any of us have accepted,
and I have the witnesses and
the documents to prove it.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Dr. Steven Greer.
>> On May 9, 2001, 20
military, government,
and corporate witnesses held a
press conference in Washington,
DC.
>> And these are folks who
have been involved in so-called
black budget or covert
unacknowledged projects.
>> They described a decades-long
conspiracy to cover up
extraterrestrial
visitation to Earth.
>> These unacknowledged special
access projects are taking
in at least $40 to
$80 billion per year.
>> And the study of
extraterrestrial technology
in covert military programs.
>> And they are sitting on
technologies that can change
the world forever.
>> This technology would
liberate Earth from fossil
fuels, environmental
devastation,
and poverty in a
single generation.
>> I didn't believe in UFOs
until London Control called us
in the winter of 1962 and
asked us would we trace one?
>> Their testimony
would make history.
>> I said, well, are you going
to tell the public about it.
And he says, no, we don't
tell the public about this.
It would panic the public.
>> This was the most-watched
event in the history
of the National Press Club.
>> We actually did recoveries
of crashed saucers.
There were bodies
that were involved
with some of these crashes.
Also, some were alive.
>> It marks the beginning of
the global disclosure movement.
>> These disks were hovering off
the floor without any visible
means of support.
They were referred to as
alien reproduction vehicles.
>> 15 years later, Doctor
Steven Greer opened his archives
of documents and interviews.
>> This information was refused
to the President of the United
States by the director
of Central Intelligence,
George Bush Senior.
>> They revealed the
true story of the secrecy
and of disclosure.
>> There is no evidence I wish
to emphasize that these life
forms from elsewhere
are hostile towards us.
But there is a great
deal of evidence
that they are concerned
with our hostility.
>> This is that story.
>> Four, three, two.
[MUSIC - LOUIS ARMSTRONG, "WHAT
A WONDERFUL WORLD"]
I see trees of green.
Red roses, too.
I see them bloom for me and you.
And I think to myself,
what a wonderful world.
I see skies of blue
and clouds of white.
The bright blessed day,
the dark sacred night.
And I think to myself,
what a wonderful world.
The colors of the rainbow,
so pretty in the sky,
are also on the faces
of people going by.
I see friends shaking
hands, saying how do you do?
They're really
saying, I love you.
I hear babies cry.
I watch them grow.
They'll learn much more
than I'll ever know.
And I think to myself,
what a wonderful world.
Yes, I think to myself,
Oh yes.
>> "The phenomenon
of UFOs does exist,
and it must be
treated seriously."
Mikhail Gorbachev.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of my biggest
disappointments over the last
25 years is those who lack the
courage of their convictions.
If 1% of the people who
I've talked with, met
with, or briefed
had that courage,
this would have all
been fixed long ago.
I have always told them,
if you won't do it, I will.
So here goes.
>> For all I know, we may
be visited by a different
extraterrestrial civilization
every second Tuesday.
But there's no support
for this appealing idea.
The extraordinary
claims are not supported
by extraordinary evidence.
>> It's always asked,
where is the evidence?
Where's the beef
on the UFO issue?
In fact, we have
so much evidence
that Dr. J. Allen Hynek, who
was in charge of Project Blue
Book for the Air
Force, stated that it's
an embarrassment of riches.
We have so much.
>> I'm Richard Doty.
I was assigned as
a Special Agent
with Air Force Office of
Special Investigations
at Kirtland Air Force base.
I was a counterintelligence
officer at the base.
During my time there,
my first few months
there, I was briefed into
a special access program
involving the US government's
investigation and contacts
with extraterrestrials,
the visitation
of these extraterrestrials
to Earth.
>> "I can assure you that flying
saucers, given that they exist,
are not constructed by
any power on Earth."
President Harry S. Truman.
>> And it started out
with a crash at Roswell.
[BEEPING]
>> Headline to this
news, July 8, 1947.
The Army Air Forces
has announced
that a flying disc
has been found
and is now in the
possession of the army.
Army officers say the missile,
found sometime last week,
has been inspected at
Roswell, New Mexico,
and sent to Wright Field,
Ohio, for further inspection.
>> Roswell has
almost become a joke,
because there's so much myth
and narrative around it.
But if you look
at the Guy Hottel
document, who was a field
agent, sent to J. Edgar Hoover.
"Three so-called
flying saucers had
been recovered in New Mexico.
Each one was occupied by
three bodies of human shape,
but only three feet tall."
It has become the number one
document viewed on the FBI
website after we released this.
>> Now, the craft wasn't--
it was it more or less an
oval or egg-shaped craft.
It wasn't a saucer shape.
>> That particular craft
there were some problems with.
Number one, getting
it on the flatbed
to take it up to Area 51.
>> The interior craft was--
it didn't have any actual
levers or flight control systems
that we would identify as
a flight control system.
But they eventually, I think
over some time, figured it out.
And it was done all by hands.
The creatures would put
their hands on controls,
and they'd have this headset on.
And this headset would
somehow control or help
them control the aircraft.
>> Well, they did discuss the
fact that there were bodies.
>> Extraterrestrial.
>> Extraterrestrial bodies, yes.
>> The creatures
were about four foot.
Some of the creatures were
mangled, were heavily injured,
and their bodies
were torn apart.
>> There were four
aliens aboard that thing.
And those aliens
went to Los Alamos.
>> And we were told that
the extraterrestrials went
to Kirtland Field,
Kirtland Air Force Base,
and then on to Los Alamos.
>> Two pathologists said there
wasn't anything in the anatomy
books.
There wasn't anything in
what our medical schools--
they had never seen
anything like this.
>> At first, I thought it was
a child, because it was small.
Then I looked at
this head and all.
The head was different.
There arms were spindly.
The body, it was gray.
>> But the creatures were
approximately four foot.
They didn't appear
to have any ears.
>> They only had two orifices.
They didn't have earlobes.
They had two ear canals.
>> They had indentation for
nose, very, very big eyes.
>> And large eyes.
>> The fingers had no
thumbs, just four fingers.
Suction devices under
tips of their fingers.
>> You know, the four fragile
fingers, and the long arm,
real short joint.
>> It almost looked
like they were nude,
but they actually had a very
thin but tight-fitting suit on.
>> One was alive, partially
alive at the time that this
happened.
>> They died in I
believe it was 1952.
But the bodies of
the extraterrestrials
that were found
at the scene were
in a deep freeze,
placed in a deep freeze,
and sent to Wright-Patt
field in Dayton, Ohio.
>> One of the briefing officers
that was taking us around
and talking about what was going
on, they said there had been
over 100 crashes in
that Four Corners area.
>> I just saw another craft--
>> Holy shit.
>> After Roswell, there was a
flurry of ET activity across
the globe.
Dr. Greer spent
eight years trying
to persuade members of Congress
and other high level government
officials in the
intelligence community
to disclose what was
happening, but to no avail.
So in 2001, he formed
the Disclosure Project.
What you're about to see is
first-hand witness testimony
of events over
the past 50 years.
Many are telling their
stories for the first time.
This is only the
tip of the iceberg,
as hundreds more have
given us their testimony,
but are too fearful
to go on camera
for fear of repercussions
for themselves
and for their families.
"I feel that the
Air Force has not
been giving out all the
available information
on these unidentified
flying objects.
You cannot disregard so
many unimpeachable sources."
Honorable John McCormack,
Speaker of the House.
>> I'm one of those what you
would call the high government
officials in the FAA.
I was a division chief.
I was only three or four
down from the Admiral.
The way it started, this
Japanese airline, 747,
was coming from
the northwest going
across the Alaskan territory.
So his radar is
picking up a target.
He sees this target with
his eye in the target.
The way he described
it was a huge ball
with lights running around it
four times as big as a 747.
The Japanese pilot would
say he's now at 11 o'clock,
he's now at 1 o'clock,
he's now at 3 o'clock.
When he would say
that, the military guy
would cut in and say he's now
at 2 o'clock or 3 o'clock,
and he would confirm
the position.
He said this is the
first time they ever
had 30 minutes of
radar data on a UFO.
And they're all itching to
get their hands into the data.
And if they come out and
told the American public
that they ran into
a UFO out there,
it would cause panic
across the country.
So therefore, you
can't talk about it.
And they're taking
all this data.
And I had the pilot's
report that came through.
And I had the FAA's
first report that
was all downstairs on my table.
They didn't ask for that,
so I didn't give it to them.
>> The plane that I was going
to be flying in was an F-104,
which was the fastest known
aircraft to mankind at that
time.
So we're flying down
the Rhine River.
We're up at high altitude.
And about that time, I spot
a bogey at about 10 o'clock
over here.
I don't recognize the craft.
I said, bogey, 10:00.
And the captain looked
over there and said, well,
let's find out.
So he kicked it into afterburner
and we went after that.
And it disappeared
just like that.
He says, please,
whatever you do,
do not say anything
about this encounter.
It will get me in much trouble.
So that was my first
introduction to cover up.
>> So everything
was going along,
pretty just ho-hum routine.
They dimmed the lights
first in the command center
when they set it
Condition Zebra alert.
Most of the times when they set
these drills, they would say,
this is a drill.
This is a drill.
But they turned the lights down
this time, and they didn't say,
this is a drill.
We had contact with an
unidentified flying object
that had entered our airspace.
We had it on radar
for almost an hour.
The order was given
by Admiral Train
to try and get
this object forced
down out of the sky,
if at all possible,
by whatever means possible.
What was really driving him
nuts was this thing absolutely
had complete control
of the situation,
and could just be wherever
it wanted to be just
in a matter of seconds.
One minute off the
coast of Maine,
the next minute it's in Norfolk
headed south towards Florida.
And after we found out
it wasn't the Russians,
they didn't care who it
was or where it was from.
They wanted it
and wanted it bad.
>> At various times, I had
loaded and unloaded nuclear
weapons.
And I was considered
sane, so to speak,
and able to handle
nuclear weapons.
But apparently, UFOs are--
well, I know that they're well
above even nuclear weapons
in secrecy.
One particular
night, we had just
finished our refueling mission.
London Control called
us and asked us
if we would intercept a UFO
over the center of England,
roughly in the
Stonehenge Oxford area.
We're up at 33,000
feet, and the UFO
was down at about 1,000 feet.
We dove on it.
Eventually, we got
up to close to it.
And we could see what
looked like a cruise ship
out at sea, with all the
lights and everything.
Got about a mile from it,
and it went up into space.
London Control said you can
continue on with your mission.
Apparently, Prince Philip
felt it was very important.
We were invited to dinner
at the officers club
where he was a speaker, and
he knew all about the fact
that we had chased the UFO.
He kind of made me a
believer, in a sense.
I had seen them personally,
of course, before that.
But when someone of
his stature indicates
that they're real and
probably from another planet,
it's very convincing.
>> "I believe that these ET
vehicles and their crews are
visiting this planet
from other planets,
which obviously are a little
more technically advanced than
we are here on Earth."
Astronaut Gordon Cooper.
>> We should go boldly where
a man has not gone before.
Fly by the comets.
Visit asteroids.
Visit the moon of Mars.
There's a monolith there,
a very unusual structure,
on this little potato-shaped
object that goes around Mars
once in seven hours.
When people find out about
that, they're going to say,
who put that there?
Who put that there?
>> Dr. Greer has been around
people with top secret
clearance his whole life.
His uncle helped to design
the original lunar module that
put the first men on the moon.
In 1961, President
Kennedy challenged
NASA to put Americans
in space and on the moon
by the end of the decade.
>> Because that challenge is one
that we're willing to accept,
one we are unwilling
to postpone,
and one we intend to win.
>> The Disclosure Project
archives includes testimony
from extraordinary individuals
who were part of this great
effort to explore outer space,
including astronauts Gordon
Cooper and Dr. Edgar Mitchell,
the sixth man to walk
on the moon.
>> Yes, there have
been ET visitation.
There have been crashed craft.
There have been material
and bodies recovered.
And there is some group
of people somewhere
that may or may not be
associated with government
at this point,
but certainly were
at one time, that
had this knowledge,
and have been attempting
to conceal this knowledge.
>> We walked over to one
side of the lab, and he said,
by the way, we've discovered
a base on the back side
of the moon.
And I said, whose?
What do you mean?
Whose?
>> Darrell, it's me.
We've got visitors again.
>> Damn.
>> Thought it'd be
worth mentioning.
>> OK.
>> And then he pulled out one
of these mosaics and showed this
base, which had
geometric shapes.
There were towers.
There were spherical buildings.
There were very tall
towers, and things
that looked somewhat
like radar dishes,
but they were large structures.
And at that point,
I became frightened.
And I was a little
terrified thinking to myself
that anybody walks in the room
now, I know we're in jeopardy.
We're in trouble,
because he shouldn't
be giving me this information.
>> The crew of the
carrier "Kearsarge"
goes into action off Midway
Island in the Pacific
for the return of a hero,
Major Gordon Cooper.
The capsule door is blown
off, and Cooper's flight
ends, a performance that
exceeded the most optimistic
predictions.
>> I was having some cameraman
film the installation
of a precision landing facility
we were putting in right
on the edge of a dry lake.
And this saucer
flew right over him
and put down three little gear
and landed on the dry lake bed.
And they went out and
picked up their cameras
and moved on out
toward him, filming.
And he lifted off, put
the gear back in the well,
and climbed up at a very high
rate of speed and disappeared.
I was involved in the
research and development
and doing very classified
program myself.
I knew that we didn't have
any mechanism of that kind.
The Russians didn't have
any of that type either.
At that point in time, there
is no doubt in my mind,
that this vehicle was made
at some other place than here
on Earth.
>> You're watching
8 News Now at 11:00.
>> Officially, the US government
ended its study of UFOs
in 1969, because it assured
the public there is no proof
the phenomenon represents a
threat to national security.
>> But what if these unknown
aircraft showed an interest
in our nuclear weapons?
A group of more than
150 military veterans,
missile officers,
security personnel,
including many who worked
at the Nevada test site,
say they've seen
mystery intruders
over nuclear facilities.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In advancing this concept,
Vandenberg Air Force Base
California has become the first
aerospace operation center
of the Air Force.
>> They actually photographed
the UFO following the missile
as it climbed into space
and shining a beam on it,
which neutralized the missile.
>> It flew into the
frame like this,
and it shot a beam of
light at the warhead,
which is represented
by my thumb here.
So this thing fires a beam
of light at the warhead,
hits it, and then this
thing flies up like this,
fires another beam of light,
goes around like this,
fires another beam of
light, goes down like this,
fires another beam of light.
And then flies out
the way it came in.
And the warhead
tumbles out of space.
And when the lights came, on
Major Mansmann turned around
and looked at me and
said, were you guys
screwing around up there?
And I said, no, sir.
And he said, what was that?
And I said, it looks to
me like we've got a UFO.
>> The idea of any explosion in
space by any Earth government
was not acceptable to
the extraterrestrials.
And that has been
demonstrated over and over.
>> How was that demonstrated?
>> By the destruction of any
nuclear weapon sent into space.
>> It was early in the morning.
I received a call from my
topside security guard.
He and some of the
guards have been
observing some strange lights
flying around the launch
control facility.
And I said, well, you mean UFO?
I think I used that word.
He didn't know what they
were, but they were lights.
They were flying around.
I just kind of shook
my head and just
said, well, call
me if anything more
important than that happens.
He calls back, and this
time he's very frightened.
I can tell by the
tone of his voice he
is very shook up, and
said, sir, there's
a glowing red object hovering
right outside the front gate.
And as I was
relating this to him,
our missiles started
shutting down one by one.
The Air Force did an
extensive investigation
of the entire
incident, and was not
able to come up with a probable
cause for the shutdowns.
The missiles are not
connected to each other.
Having a fault at one site
would not affect missiles
at another location.
>> Assuming they've
always been there,
but what caused this great
interest in this large
incursion after '47?
And I remember he
thought for a moment,
and he said, well, obviously,
we have the atom bomb.
>> A 1 and 1/2 stage 132
ton ballistic device,
now fully operational after an
evolutionary background of more
than 50 years of powered flight.
>> Roswell was
not the beginning.
It was a turning point.
>> We just dropped two
bombs on a country.
We had a test of that
bomb a few months earlier,
a few weeks earlier,
in New Mexico.
This probably was observed
by these aliens somewhere,
whether they were doing
reconnaissance back then,
or how they figured it out.
So they came here to observe
and try to figure out
what the heck was that?
>> At the time of the crash,
shortly after the detonation
of the first atomic weapons,
Roswell was the only nuclear
armed squadron in the world.
>> If you accept the
multidimensional theory,
it's highly likely that we've
done a hell of a lot of damage
in somebody else's world.
And maybe we've done more
damage there than we did here.
>> The underlying theme that
connects most of the Disclosure
Project case files is the fact
that these close encounters
tend to occur near our
nuclear facilities,
suggesting that these visitors
are deeply concerned with
our hostility and the
existential threat that we pose
to ourselves and others once
we learned to split the atom.
>> These are some of the highest
ranking military officials
in our defense program.
They're trusted with
nuclear weapons.
top level security
clearances and secrets.
But the minute
they start talking
about this particular
subject, they become pariah.
>> "I believe the American
people are entitled to a more
thorough explanation than has
been given them by the Air
Force.
I think we owe it to the
people to establish credibility
regarding UFOs, and to
produce the greatest
possible enlightenment
of the subject."
Former President Gerald Ford.
>> I am prepared to state that
I have been at locations where
craft of unknown origin that
did not originate on the face
of this planet was there.
I am prepared to state
that while I was there,
we saw living dead bodies
of entities that were not
born on this planet.
I am prepared to
state that we had
what they referred
to as interfacing
with those entities.
>> Never is there any
compelling physical evidence.
>> The question is, who
are people like Carl Sagan,
and before him,
Professor Donald Menzel.
It turns out that Sagan,
in his early career,
actually spoke and
wrote about UFOs
in a way that was affirmative,
that it was legitimate.
After he was threatened by
the intelligence community
and blackmailed, he then
began to debunk the issue.
Skepticism is very healthy.
And I'm a big skeptic about
more than 90% of the information
out there on this subject,
which the public needs
to be skeptical.
However, skepticism
is not just blindly
denying everything
that's legitimate.
For example, we have 3,500 cases
where extraterrestrial vehicles
have landed and left
physical traces.
We have 4,000 cases where they
have been tracked on radar
and seen by pilots.
We have an enormous
amount of photo and video
evidence and physical evidence,
and in our last project,
brought out an actual body
that is most likely not
of human origin.
So the question becomes, what
is the metric for the evidence?
Well, the evidence is
actually overwhelming.
There's more evidence
for UFOs than there
are for black holes, most of
the theories in astrophysics,
most of the evidence for most
of the medicines you take.
I'm speaking now
as a trauma doctor.
And yet, we have this blockage
in the mainstream media
and scientific establishment
saying where is the evidence?
>> What do we know?
We know now we live in an
ever-expanding universe.
We know that there are
billions of stars and planets,
literally, out there.
And the universe
is getting bigger.
We know from our
fancy telescopes
that just in the last two
years, more than 20 planets
have been identified outside
our solar system that
seem to be far enough away from
their suns and dense enough
that they might be able to
support some form of life.
So it makes it increasingly
less likely that we're alone.
>> Oh, you're trying to give me
a hint that there are aliens.
[LAUGHTER]
>> "Of course flying
saucers are real,
and they are interplanetary."
Air Chief Marshall Lord Dowding.
>> When I was eight or nine,
I saw one of these objects
in broad daylight.
There was a beautiful,
seamless disk in a blue sky,
back when the skies
were very blue.
And I was with some boys
in the neighborhood.
And we saw this, and I went,
oh my god, they're real.
We saw a UFO.
Now, my parents said, oh,
well, you're just a kid.
But I became completely
absorbed in this.
So my interest in this
goes back to my childhood.
The Disclosure Project was
an accident of history.
In 1990, I formed the Center for
the Study of Extraterrestrial
Intelligence to form
a diplomatic corps
to make peaceful contact
with these civilizations.
Because once you conclude
that they're real
and they're of
interstellar origin,
the next question is, what
are we going to do about it?
And so I concluded what we
should be doing about it is not
militarizing the relationship,
but having sort of a citizens
diplomacy effort, much like
the Physicians for Social
Responsibility who were
going to the Soviet Union
to create a dialogue during the
coldest days of the Cold War.
There was no one at the United
Nations or State Department
or any foreign ministry
dealing with it.
So we started a set of
protocols to make contact.
And sure enough, we had
some spectacular successes.
>> Holy damn hot shit.
Hot dog.
>> This got kicked up to
the intelligence community.
So by 1992, I was getting
visits from the head of Army
Intelligence, people inside
the National Security Agency,
and other three letter agencies.
My intention was never to
get involved with trying
to disclose this issue.
My interest was in this whole
concept of making contact
for peaceful purposes to
advance our civilization
from a planetary civilization to
an interplanetary civilization.
That was really the heart
of my sincere interest.
But along that way, you
know, and eventually
a man who was friends with
the director of the CIA,
by the time Clinton
became president,
who said that you're going
to be the first person
to brief the director of Central
Intelligence and the Clinton
administration on this.
Because they have made
inquiries, and they have been
lied to, which I
did not believe.
I mean, he was that
blunt about it.
This is really where I then
went down the rabbit hole.
>> So can the government
keep a secret this big?
One of the biggest weapons in
the intelligence community's
arsenal is our general
belief that the US government
couldn't possibly
keep a secret this big
from the American public.
But the existence of the
National Reconnaissance Office
remained secret
for over 30 years.
The mere existence of the
NSA, jokingly referred to
as No Such Agency,
was kept secret
until it grew so large that
it was quite conspicuous.
And those working in
the Manhattan Project
developing the
atom bomb were told
that any secrets
that they disclose
would result in
10 years in prison
or an equivalent
of $100,000 fine.
Only when the weapons were
used at Hiroshima and Nagasaki
did the government
disclose what they were.
>> Of all things to keep secret,
the fact that there is this
bountiful option that we have
of reaching out into the stars
and being friendly neighbors
with other civilizations,
and sharing information,
and sharing resources,
and sharing knowledge, and
sharing spiritual insights
and values, to suppress that
information and to conceal it
is part of the efforts of a
national security state that is
threatened by that reality.
So this is one of
the ultimate secrets
that needs to be exposed.
>> "We have, indeed,
been contacted,
perhaps even visited, by
extraterrestrial beings.
And the US government,
in collusion
with the other national
powers of the Earth,
is determined to
keep this information
from the general public."
Victor Marchetti,
former Special Assistant
to the Executive
Director of the CIA.
>> And in this document from
the Canadian government,
"the matter is the most
highly classified subject
in the United States government,
rating higher than the H-bomb."
That was the most top
secret doomsday weapon
at the time in development.
And the second item, B.
"Flying saucers exist."
Period.
C, "their modus
operandi is unknown,
but concentrated effort is being
made by a small group headed
by Dr. Vannevar Bush.
And then D, "the entire
matter is considered
by the United States
authorities to be
of tremendous significance."
What is more sensitive than
the development of the hydrogen
bomb prior to its detonation?
The UFO issue.
A priori, therefore,
the entire subject
has been managed in a
way from the '40s onward
with extraordinary
secrecy around it.
The event at Roswell,
because it resulted
in the acquisition of materiel
that could be studied,
it created a sea change in
the whole national security
organization.
Because within weeks of that
event, the CIA was formed.
Within weeks, there
was the formation
of the Air Force, which was
split off from the Army Air
Force.
It also led, however,
the development
of unacknowledged special
access projects, which
is why Eisenhower, even though
he knew about the subject
on a fairly deep level, had
completely lost control of it
by 1961 when he left office.
>> We must guard against the
acquisition of unwarranted
influence, whether
sought or unsought,
by the military
industrial complex.
>> You know, because
you think of generals,
and you think of conservatives
and Republicans as being very
pro-military and business.
But he's talking about
the illegal part of it.
He's not talking about
the conventional military.
>> But it's now the military
industrial intelligence complex
that are moving bureaucratically
toward establishing dominion
and control over the
entire democratic process
in the country.
And that they're waging war,
invading the Middle Eastern oil
fields and occupying
the oil fields,
attempting to establish
what they themselves refer
to as full spectrum dominance.
>> But we're going
to smoke them out.
>> And so the public
has to understand,
there became to be
this bifurcation,
this separation between
legitimate national security
and military operations and the
deep black programs that are
unacknowledged.
We're talking about
the black budget,
the deep black, super secret,
unacknowledged budget that
runs in the $100 to
$200 billion a year.
I'm being conservative.
>> My '03 budget calls for more
than $48 billion in new defense
spending.
>> More money for the Pentagon
when its own auditors admit
the military cannot account for
25% of what it already spends.
>> According to some estimates,
we cannot track $2.3 trillion
in transactions.
>> $2.3 trillion, with a T.
That's $8,000 for every man,
woman, and child in America.
>> We're spending well over $100
million per day on classified
programs that have no
Congressional oversight,
no public scrutiny.
There's no monitor
of these programs.
A number of these programs
go directly through Congress
totally.
When you start going
through these documents,
these programs start dropping
off the radar screen.
These are all classified
programs within the defense
budget, but they don't supply
any technical information
on the program.
>> And if people think that
the Congress and the president
actually have a handle on
this, they're gravely mistaken.
They do not.
This is where we get into
the structure of secrecy.
>> The structure of secrecy
is complex and multifaceted.
We've been led to
believe that we
live in a mostly
transparent democracy,
with the president at the top
of the intelligence food chain.
A true commander in chief.
The reality, however,
is much different.
>> A shadowy government with
its own Air Force, its own Navy,
its own fundraising mechanism,
and the ability to pursue its
own ideas of the
national interest,
free from all
checks and balances,
and free from the law itself.
>> There's secrecy
that is legal.
And unfortunately, where Edward
Snowden made his mistake,
was by disclosing
secrets, no matter
how inappropriate it might have
been that they were going on,
that were being managed legally,
that the president and Congress
and the intelligence
committees knew about.
>> A traitor.
A traitor to the United States.
>> On the other hand, there's
secrecy that is illegal.
And these are the unacknowledged
special access projects, USAPs,
U-S-A-P for short.
>> What they've done is they've
formed this alliance among
themselves of the industry that
makes money by building war
machines, the military that uses
the war machines and justifies
them, and then the intelligence
community that is not really
an intelligence community.
It's a covert
operations community,
armed with military weapons and
nuclear weapons in that they're
trying to push
the boundaries now
of establishing their
dominion and full spectrum
dominance over the planet.
>> And in this document,
the first document
that's on the briefing for
President Obama's brief we put
together that we
gave to John Podesta,
this document lists the
compartmented operations out
of the Nellis Facility, what the
public wrongly calls Area 51.
I gave this document to
the head of intelligence
for the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, Admiral Tom Wilson.
Now, this is J2.
This is the guy who puts the
intelligence briefings together
for the Joint Chiefs of Staff
of the United States of America.
And he got hold of one
of these compartments.
And he said, hello,
I'm Admiral Tom Wilson.
I want to be read into, or
briefed, on this project.
They said, yes, sir.
We know who you are, and you
don't have a need to know.
You don't have a need to know.
The Head of Intelligence for
the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
So this is where
the military have
been victims of the secrecy.
Because there are many
generals and admirals
and very good officers
I've met with who
have enormous responsibility,
that everyone-- if you polled
1,000 people on the street, I
think every single person would
say something this sensitive,
they would know about.
And if they didn't have
knowledge about it,
if they asked about
it, they will be told.
That is not true.
>> There are very clear efforts
to engage in covert programs,
and to keep the knowledge of
those programs away from people
even in positions of
constitutional authority.
>> Dick Cheney, he would
have a need to know.
They call him Darth Cheney.
We're talking
about people way up
in the defense
industry, people who
are running this comp
works, people like Ben Rich,
like Kelly Johnson.
>> So these unacknowledged
special access projects do not
care what your rank
and position is.
They care about one thing.
Will you go along
with their agenda?
And this is exactly
what happened when
I met with Lord Hill Norton.
>> Since my name has become
connected with UFO matters
in quite a big way
in this country,
I have frequently been asked
by a person of my background,
a former chief of
the defense staff,
a former chairman of the
NATO military committee,
what the reasons may be for
governments wishing to cover up
the facts about UFOs?
That, I believe, is
because governments
fear that if they did disclose
those, that people would panic.
>> The only thing he
really wanted to know was,
I was head of the
Ministry of Defense,
head of the Military Committee
for NATO, head of MI5, MI6.
Why wouldn't they have told me?
And I said, well, sir,
with all due respect,
what would you have
done if you'd found out
that there was a project
that was illegal,
engaged in assassinations,
that was keeping from,
not only our leaders and our
constitutionally required
oversight, technologies and
information, that would enable
us to have a whole new
civilization on this planet
without pollution, or
dependency on Mideast oil,
or what have you?
And he says, I wouldn't
have stood for it
for a bloody minute.
And he was just in
a rage about it.
I said, that's why
they didn't tell you.
>> Several US presidents are
on record talking about the UFO
mystery.
>> Presidents Jimmy
Carter, Ronald Reagan,
both had UFO sightings
of their own.
But the current
presidential campaign
might be the first in which UFO
disclosure has been championed
by a major party candidate.
>> We had your husband,
President Clinton,
on this show.
I asked him about UFOs and
Area 51 and if he looked--
because if I was president,
that's the first thing I'd do.
I'd go right into those files
and see what was going on.
>> Right.
>> And he said that
he did do that.
>> Yes.
>> And that he
didn't find anything.
>> Well-- I'm going
to do it again.
>> Yeah, why not?
>> Right?
And, you know,
there's a new name.
It's Unexplained
Aerial Phenomenon.
>> Unexplained
aerial phenomenon.
Really.
>> UAP.
That's the latest nomenclature.
>> I like the old one.
I like UFO.
I don't know why.
>> Within a couple months of
me briefing the CIA director,
I get a visit from one of
Bill Clinton's good friends
to my home, who says, they
love what you're recommending,
that the president do executive
orders to declassify and bring
all this information out.
This man comes to
my house and says,
they really think
that's a great idea.
The president won't do it.
It's too dangerous.
And I said, well,
he's the president.
He didn't want to
be president, he
shouldn't have taken
on the responsibility
and sworn an oath
to the Constitution.
And he says, yeah, but
you don't understand.
They don't think that they
can protect the president.
And I said, what do you mean?
And he's sitting at the
dinner table with my children.
And he says, well,
they're concerned
that President Clinton will
end up like Jack Kennedy.
And I start laughing.
I really-- I mean, I really
started laughing out loud,
because I thought
this is nonsense.
This is, like,
conspiracy kookville.
He says, no, this is
absolutely their concern,
is that if he pushes on
this, he is in mortal peril.
>> Kennedy may have been engaged
in a bit of a struggle with
the CIA in trying--
attempting to get more
information on the UFO subject,
how that might account
for his termination.
>> And that morning, in
two of the English-speaking
newspapers, there was
a picture of two UFOs.
So I had placed
those on his table
where he was going
to be sitting.
And I said, good
morning, Mr. President.
I sat him down and
said, would you
like to have coffee and juice?
And he said yes.
So while I was getting that,
he's looking at the papers.
I came back in.
President Kennedy says,
what do you think?
I looked at him.
I looked down at the picture.
And I says, well, sir,
what do you think?
And with that magnificent
grin of his, he said,
I asked you first.
I said, from what
I've learned, we
can't be the only living
beings in God's creation.
He says, you're
right, young man.
There is considerable
knowledge as far
as the actual being of
UFO and ET phenomena
that we're aware of today.
>> "I am convinced that UFOs
exist, because I've seen one."
President Jimmy Carter.
>> When President
Carter was elected,
I was the legal counsel for the
Jesuit National Headquarters
in Washington, DC.
He called the director of the
Central Intelligence Agency,
George HW Bush, to a meeting.
And asked Bush if, he as
the director of Central
Intelligence, would give to
Carter as the President-elect
all the information he had
on the potential existence
of extraterrestrial life,
and the issue of whether
or not any of the UFO
vehicles might be vehicles
from another star system.
And George HW Bush refused
to give him the information.
Said he'd have to go to
Congress and get Congress
to have the
Congressional Research
Service at the
Library of Congress
declassify it to get it to
him if he was going to get it.
That's a true story.
>> In some of these cases,
absolutely the president has no
need to know, because
he's a temporary employee.
He's strictly a
temporary employee.
He does not have a need to
know on some of these deeper
black programs within
the Skunk Works,
within the Boeing Phantom Works
and also within the Black Widow
Group of Northrop.
>> Congressional Research
Service at the Library
of Congress, their science
and technology division,
based on all the information
classified and declassified
that they have reviewed, their
projection was that there were
at least from two to six
other highly intelligent,
highly technologically
developed,
but non-human civilizations
just in our Milky Way galaxy.
>> There was deep concern that
something this important would
be kept out of the
briefings for the president.
My sort of coming of
age, which was hard--
anyway.
It's hard talking about this.
I'm trying to say I was
a young doctor asked
to do something like this.
Sorry.
I'm a doctor in an ER taking
care of shootings and stabbings
and car wrecks.
And I'm being asked to brief
the CIA director on stuff,
because he and the
president are being lied to?
What?
You know, are you--
I said, are you fucking crazy?
It was terrible.
Frankly, it was devastating.
Initially, I have to
admit, the CIA director, I
thought, to be honest
with you, that he
was sort of picking my brain to
find out what I knew as opposed
to really not knowing.
But by the time the
three-hour meeting was over,
it was quite clear that
the emperor has no clothes.
He later denied the meeting
that happened for a briefing.
This is a wonderful thing.
Now, people say, how could he
write this letter basically
saying that this
meeting and what I
said about it was a
distortion of the truth?
I said, because
he didn't realize
there was a record beforehand.
And thank god I saved
the document that
is the original invitation.
And in that letter,
it is explicit.
"I talked to Woolsey
this morning,
and he suggested
getting together.
There is an active
attempt being made
at lower levels of government
to sabotage Project Starlight",
which was the
initiative I started
and Laurance
Rockefeller helped fund,
to bring all these top secret
people together and recommend
these changes to the
Clinton administration.
And then he says, "this
group almost certainly has
tapped your phones
and is aware of most
of the details of your plans.
Remember, the most powerful
people in the world
will have a deep, compelling
interest in our activities
and will use everything
at their disposal
to effect their objective."
I thought, oh, come on.
This is like a bad
conspiracy novel.
Except this became my life.
>> I think I just became
the first president to ever
publicly mention Area 51.
[LAUGHTER]
How's that, folks?
>> Based upon what
Jimmy Carter has said,
and based upon what
Bill Clinton has said,
that they were refused
this information,
I believe that is
unconstitutional for them
to refuse to give the
information to the President
of the United States.
>> Many of the Disclosure
Project witnesses have had
a close encounter with
another facet of the structure
of secrecy.
>> People who did not agree
with this extraordinary secrecy,
and made trouble for them,
ended up having horrific things
happen.
>> He was talking
about being erased.
And I said, man, I said,
what do you mean, erased?
He said, yes.
He said, you will be erased.
>> If you tell anyone who is
not in this room about this
project, this bullet
has your name on it.
And it will find you.
>> Measures have been taken by
agencies to terminate people
who appear to be inconvenient or
troublesome through knowing too
much.
>> I've had a hell of a time
after I've told this story,
but I continue to
tell the story,
because I think it's important
for people to understand that
this sort of shit goes
on in the government.
That the government
covers up information
that we are entitled
to know about it,
citizens of this country.
>> They'll go after
not only you, he said,
they'll go after your family.
>> They were like, look,
man, we're going to just--
we're going to take
you off in a helicopter
and just kick your
ass out in the jungle.
And you're just gonna--
we're going to end
you and all this.
>> They were never there.
This never happened.
When I asked him at
the time, I said,
I don't know why
you're saying this.
I mean, it's-- there
was something there.
And if it's not the stealth
bomber, then, you know,
it's a UFO.
And if it's a UFO, why wouldn't
you want the people to know?
Oh, they get all
excited over that.
You don't want to
say those words.
>> And there have been
dozens and dozens of totally,
absolutely important, credible
people who've had their careers
ruined intentionally by the
National Security bureaucracy,
because they tried to come
forward and fulfill what they
viewed to be their duty to
report this to their superiors.
>> 3 o'clock in the morning,
4 o'clock in the morning,
midnight, 10 o'clock, people
would call and start screaming
at me.
"You're going
down, motherfucker.
You're going down,
motherfucker."
>> And he just
said, look, mister.
Don't go in and start
any rumors in Roswell.
There's nothing
happened out here.
>> But who do you tell that you
were involved in a UFO incident
without them looking at you like
you ain't wrapped too tight?
>> One night, somebody blew
up my mailbox by putting a big
load of skyrockets in it.
The mailbox went up in flames.
And that night, at 1 o'clock
in the morning, the phone rang.
I picked it up, and somebody
said "skyrockets in your box
at night.
Oh, what a beautiful
sight, motherfucker."
>> Interestingly, there was a
man on my executive committee.
He was a very well-known actor
and singer named Burl Ives.
And Burl Ives, he was a
Thirty-Third Degree Mason.
So all of you people
who think that all
these secret societies,
everyone in it knows everything,
they don't know anything.
And he said to me,
he says, we all
know that Marilyn Monroe
didn't die of an overdose.
>> Boo boo bee-doo.
>> He said do you know
why they killed Marilyn?
>> Mr. President, the
late Marilyn Monroe.
>> And I said, well, I didn't
until I got this document.
It's a virtual death warrant.
Because she was found
a couple of days later.
"3 August, 1962.
Wiretap of telephone
conversations
between reporter
Dorothy Kilgallen, who
was looking into Roswell
and other UFO issues
and her close friend,
Howard Rothberg.
From wiretap of
telephone conversation
of Marilyn Monroe and Attorney
General Bobby Kennedy.
Rothberg discussed
the apparent comeback
of the subject with
Kilgallen and the break up
with the Kennedys."
This is referring to the
fact that Marilyn Monroe had
been having an affair with not
one but both Kennedy brothers,
and it was becoming conspicuous,
so they broke it off.
"Rothberg indicated
in so many words
that she had secrets to tell,
no doubt arising from her trysts
with the president and
the attorney general.
One such secret
mentions the visit
of the president
at a secret airbase
for the purpose of inspecting
things from outer space."
Now, this is 1962.
Kilgallen said if
the story is true,
it would be a
terrible embarrassment
for Jack and his plans to
have NASA put men on the moon.
>> We choose to go to the moon
in this decade and do the other
things, not because
they are easy,
but because they are hard.
>> "The subject repeatedly
called the attorney general
and complained about the
way she was being ignored
by the president
and his brother.
Subject threatened to
hold a press conference
and would tell all."
It's a tragic situation,
because she was an actress.
She didn't understand the
national security state
and the viciousness
of those who want
to keep these sort of secrets.
>> The aliens won't
let it happen.
We reveal all their secrets.
[LAUGHING] They exercise
strict control over us.
>> Now, you know, there are a
lot of people that are going
to examine your facial
expressions here, every twitch,
everything, and say-- and
of course, so did you look?
Did you see?
Did you explore?
>> I can't reveal anything.
>> Oh, really?
Because President Clinton
said he did go right in,
and he did check, and
there was nothing.
>> Well, you know, that's
what we're instructed to say.
[LAUGHTER]
>> One of the most powerful
elements of the structure
of secrecy has to do with the
infiltration and control over
mainstream media.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) It's a media-opoly.
A media-opoly.
The whole media is controlled
by a few corporations thanks
to deregulation by the FCC.
>> You mean Disney, Fox,
Westinghouse, and good old GE?
(SINGING) They own
networks from CBS to CNBC.
They can use them to
say whatever they preach
and put down the opinions
of anyone who disagrees.
>> We observed firsthand
the intelligence community
influencing the media when
they're trying to cover this
story.
We have memoranda
after memoranda
after memoranda citing
the psychological warfare
and propaganda value
of the subject.
This is a very important thing
for the public to understand.
How do you keep
something secret?
You hide it in plain sight.
>> And I suspect that unless
the Defense Department proves us
otherwise, that it was
probably some form of an alien
spacecraft.
And I think as a
public figure, you
have to be very careful
about what you say,
because people can have
pretty emotional reactions.
And I said my goal wasn't
to try to stir the pot.
>> And, now I'll ask Officer
Stein and his colleagues
to escort the accused into the
room so that we may all look
upon the guilty party.
Don't get him too
close to me, please.
[LAUGHTER]
>> In the alien costume, the
Governor's chief of staff.
>> And this just goes to show
that you guys are entirely too
serious.
>> So it's there.
Everyone-- I mean, 5%
of the US population
have seen these objects.
But you create an environment
where the subject is so
pilloried and ridiculed that no
respectable scientist or doctor
would want to be
identified with it.
>> Internal documents from
the Defense Department
and intelligence agencies
explicitly stating that they
want to have this campaign
of ridiculing and destroying
the credibility of
completely credible,
completely honest
eyewitnesses to UFO sightings,
and even sightings of
extraterrestrial beings
on the ground, that they
want them discredited.
They want their
credibility destroyed.
>> If someone comes out and
says, I saw a UFO on TV,
the only ones that see a
UFO in the TV programs are
the rednecks out in the country
that are going coon hunting
or alligator hunting at night.
You don't find anybody
with any kind of smarts
or some professional individual
saying, hey, last night,
let me tell you what I saw.
>> And this officially was
released by the CIA talking
about how they have people
embedded in all the major media
to change, alter, and affect
stories to their benefit.
>> You are fake news.
>> So every news agency, every
television and radio station
in the Albuquerque and Santa Fe
area had our snitches in there.
So we knew.
And we paid them.
We paid them good money.
One of the reasons you get
to people is you pay them.
And that was controversial.
That was somewhat controversial.
>> Do you know of national
media that have had--
>> Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yeah.
I'm not going to name them.
>> "We now have a relationship
with reporters from every,"
underlined, "major wire
service, newspaper, news weekly,
and television
network in the nation.
In many instances, we
have persuaded reporters
to postpone, change,
hold, or even scrap
stories that could
have adversely affected
national security interests
or jeopardized our sources
and methods."
And it goes on to then say
that they have the same
within academic circles.
>> There's a finding that the
Pike committee made that they
had verified 42 full-time
Central Intelligence Agency
paid employees that were
inserted inside the major
national news media centers.
And most of them ended up being
the so-called national security
reporters.
>> The man turned to me, and
this is a board member of Time
Life, and said, Dr. Greer, we
basically are scribes taking
dictation from the
right hand of the King.
The fourth estate is dead.
>> I know reporters
for "Time Magazine"
who have told me specifically
that they've provided
the stories, and their
editors have spiked them.
>> Yeah.
The high level
producers and directors.
Yeah.
>> And were they-- how were they
paid so that it wasn't known?
>> Cash.
You pay.
What you do is you make them
sign a form, and you tell them,
you've got to report
this to the IRS.
But whether they do
it or not, you're
not going to give
your form to IRS.
I paid-- I paid--
I'd better not say.
There were-- some
of them were large.
>> If you, Miss MacLaine, know
of any proof about aliens,
you can give it to me.
And I guarantee you
I will get it out.
But I am skeptical.
>> Based upon my
experience representing NBC
and representing the
"New York Times,"
I know that they will refuse
to publish information which,
in my judgment, is clearly
important information
for the public to know.
>> The corruption of the
media means that you have then
undermined democracy and
our basic constitutional
protections.
Because if you control
the information flow
through the elite media,
and the only place
you can get this information is
through the tabloids where they
want it, because it's
discredited there,
or on the internet,
where there's
so much false information
that's mixed in with the real
information that you don't
know what to make of it,
there creates this
complete confusion.
>> When you go to a supermarket
checkout and you look
at the tabloids, what you may
be reading there are actual
stories of actual events.
But when it's portrayed
through the tabloids,
it gets discredited.
>> And they're ridiculed, and
their careers are destroyed
pursuant to a very specific
self-conscious official
program.
>> Now, this has
worked for 50 years.
Why would they change it now?
This is the technique
they've used.
>> "It is time for the
truth to be brought out.
Behind the scenes,
high-ranking Air Force officers
are soberly concerned
about the UFOs.
But through official
secrecy and ridicule,
many citizens are led to
believe the unknown flying
objects are nonsense.
I urge immediate
Congressional action
to reduce the
dangers from secrecy
about unidentified
flying objects."
CIA director, Vice Admiral
Roscoe Hillenkoetter.
>> And so we're sort of
living in "The Truman Show".
Everyone thinks we
have a free press.
We don't.
We have a democratic
process where
all these sort of sensitive
issues will be handled legally.
We do not.
And that we have an uncorrupted
scientific establishment,
which we do not, and
which we will prove.
>> The structure of secrecy
extends to the scientific
and academic arenas, where a
deliberate effort to spread
disinformation has been
going on for decades.
From professional debunkers
to CIA-funded committees,
our trusted academics
and scientists
have been complicit
in the secrecy.
>> A lot of people
see something.
And a lot of people
see things that are
really-- they can't identify.
But that doesn't mean they
were-- it's quite a leap.
>> I believe that people report
seeing things they cannot
identify.
But after spending
25 years, I've
found not a shred of
evidence that we have
alien visitors in our skies.
>> But look, this would
be the greatest discovery
in the history of science.
NASA would be elated, of course.
They could go to Congress
to get more funding.
Why would anybody cover this up.
>> Let's do this other little
thought experiment, everybody.
>> So are you going to do this
with baking soda and vinegar,
Bill?
>> In 1952, Project Blue Book
was launched by the US Air
Force to allay fears from
the public of ET activity,
and to assure them that
they were doing everything
in their power to
look into this.
>> I am here to discuss the
so-called flying saucers.
The Air Force interest
in this problem
has then due to our
feeling of an obligation
to identify and analyze to the
best of our ability anything
in the air that may have the
possibility of threat or menace
to the United States.
>> There's been a decision made
within the national security
state infrastructure to ridicule
and dismiss cases that they
know positively are cases
of genuine sightings of UFOs
and extraterrestrial beings.
That's perfectly clear.
>> Project Blue Book was headed
up by Dr. J. Allen Hynek,
a professor of physics and
astronomy at Ohio State
University.
>> And Hynek eventually
came clean and said,
we were there to
debunk these cases,
not to get to the truth
and tell the public.
>> And I know the job they had.
They were told not
to excite the public.
Don't rock the boat.
And I saw it in my
own eyes happen,
that whenever a case happened
that they could explain,
which is quite a few,
they made a point of that
and left that out to the media.
Cases that were very
difficult to explain,
they would jump the handsprings
to keep the media away
from that.
They had a job to do, to
keep the public from getting
excited.
>> However, there have been
a certain percentage of this
volume of reports that have
been made by credible observers
of relatively incredible things.
It is this group of
observations that we now
are attempting to resolve.
>> In response to
Project Blue Book,
an academic committee was formed
in 1953 called the Robertson
Panel.
Comprised of some of the
most respected physicists
and astronomers of the
day, the Robertson Panel
was tasked with providing
a fair and independent
academic analysis of
the UFO case files.
>> And in this document it says
point blank that the people who
are on this committee are
answering and working with
the CIA, but that
can't be disclosed.
And these are
esteemed scientists
in academic university settings.
It says point
blank, when there's
a very strong piece of evidence,
we need to set up something.
So we release certain
type of balloons and film
it so that it will look like
that to sort of debunk it.
And we need to
engage astronomers
and amateur astronomers and set
up a sighting situation where
we show them some
evidence, and then
show them how it's debunked.
>> Fast forward to 1968.
The Condon Committee
was formed, led by Dr.
Edward Condon, a
professor of physics
at the University of Colorado.
>> Now, ostensibly, this was
an objective scientist who was
heading up a committee
to tell the truth,
because I'm a scientist.
These guys are
scientists second.
They're humans first.
And it says it cannot be allowed
to be known that Doctor Condon
et. al are actually working with
the CIA for these psychological
warfare and spin factors.
>> I concluded that this
was not an objective study.
So I wrote a letter to Condon.
And he was so furious at
that that he called up
James S. McDonnell,
who was at that time
the chairman of the newly-merged
Douglas and McDonnell aircraft
companies, and tried
to get me fired.
>> This is in these documents.
It is-- this is not
a theoretical case.
This is why I say, you
form a committee when
you want to kill something.
>> "I must admit that any
favorable mention of the flying
saucers by a scientist
amounts to extreme heresy,
and places the one making
the statement in danger
of excommunication by the
scientific theocracy."
Frank B Salisbury, PhD.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> And from the very first
meeting I had with the director
of Central Intelligence, I
didn't need to convince him
that the UFOs were real.
And in fact, I pulled out
all this dispositive evidence
that Carl Sagan
would want to see.
And he said, I already
know this is real.
But I want to know why I, the
CIA director, James Woolsey,
and the President
of the United States
aren't being told
anything about it.
The why is always the
hardest question to ask,
and nobody asks it.
And I began to explain
to him what it really
is it's a big
technological question.
>> We have lost 100 years of
evolution on planet Earth,
a true lost century.
Huge progress was
made in the 1920s
as Nikola Tesla developed energy
generation technologies that
could power the Earth,
drawing endless free energy
from the so-called
empty space around us.
>> The so-called empty space
isn't really empty at all.
It's actually full of energy.
So instead of being, like,
kind of a quiet empty lake,
it's more like the froth
of the base of a waterfall
or something.
>> The amount of energy in a
cubic meter of space time was
10 to the 26th power-- that's
a 10 with 26 zeros behind it--
joules per cubic meter.
And that's enough energy,
even in a coffee cup,
to boil all the
oceans of the Earth
completely away into steam.
>> The acronym Unidentified
Flying Object is a deliberately
obfuscating term.
And what it really is,
is an alternative energy
and propulsion system.
>> They had a piece that
they thought was Plexiglas,
a rectangular
piece of Plexiglas,
for years before they figured
out it was the energy device
for the craft.
And it was connected
in such a manner
that this device could power a
very small watch up to a city.
Power was determined by
what the demand on it was.
And so each craft
had one of these.
>> The implications of free
energy go far beyond keeping
the lights on in your home
or running your car without
gasoline.
Most of the cost
of making anything,
from growing food to
constructing a skyscraper,
is the energy used to
mine the raw materials out
of the ground, ship,
process, ship again, package,
and deliver.
A free energy society in which
the cost of manufacturing
and agriculture
move towards zero
would mean endless abundance
for everyone on Earth.
>> They already exist.
It's not like they even
have to be invented.
You and I, the
taxpayers, have already
paid trillions of
dollars, literally,
in super secret
black budget funding,
to develop these systems.
>> This is the society we
could have had a century ago.
>> We could get rid of smog.
We could get rid of pollution.
You wouldn't even need
solar panels at this point.
We could change transportation
in a microsecond.
The way we build homes would
be completely different.
The way we govern our lives
would be completely different.
>> And all the literally
hundreds of trillions
of dollars in assets that are
in coal, natural gas, uranium,
nuclear power, public
utilities, they're all obsolete.
Many people would say,
well, doesn't that
mean the secrecy's
been a good thing?
I say, well, that would be like
saying we should have never
come out with the automobile
because the horse and buggy
manufacturers would have
gone out of business.
Or come out with computers
because Royal typewriters
didn't get ahead of the curve
and they went out of business.
>> When we go outside
and we look at our cars,
we look at our airplanes, we're
already looking at dinosaur
technology.
It's laughable where
we are right now.
We should be at
least 100 years ahead
of where we are right now.
>> And there are still files
on this issue classified top
secret from 100 years
ago for the same reasons.
Because the macroeconomic
order of fossil fuels,
the petrodollar, a handful
of industrial elites,
and corporations would be
completely transformed.
But the folks who
actually call the shots
in the multi-trillion
dollar global economy,
they don't want to
see that happen.
>> They know that if that power
was delineated to the average
person, we wouldn't
need them anymore.
>> They don't want it today.
And the likes of JP
Morgan and others
back 100 years ago
didn't want it.
>> When they found out
that Tesla had passed away
in the Hotel New
Yorker, they came in.
They had the manager of
the hotel open the safe.
And they took all
of Tesla's papers.
>> And this was to the director
of the FBI from the Department
of Defense in a turf war
trying to get that information
and lock it up.
This is not a
contested document.
This has been
officially released.
>> A century of artificial
scarcity has produced
a destabilized,
dehumanized war torn world,
where the power and wealth have
been transferred from the many
to the hands of the few.
>> If you take that on, you're
going to run into the mother
of all buzz saws in terms of
the national security state.
>> Some of the breakthroughs in
the past have been deliberately
suppressed.
>> There were 5,135,
I believe it is,
patents that have been
confiscated under national
security seizures.
Now, these are just the patents.
And this is what happened to
a lot of the huge breakthrough
technologies like Stan Meyer,
who had a car running on water.
>> A local inventor has
discovered a way, hear this,
to use water to run your car.
>> It's a major breakthrough
that will no doubt make
motorists happy.
And as Ralph Robinson
explains, the Pentagon
is also showing lots of
interest in this project.
>> A lot of people don't realize
that Stan Meyer had a toroidal,
a donut-shaped object, that put
out many times more energy than
you had to put into it because
it was tapping into this zero
point quantum
vacuum energy field.
That had a national
security order on it
before he even got it to patent.
It was seized and shut down.
>> What we really had was
a threat to the scientific
establishment.
>> I view this as the greatest
strategic threat to survival
of the United States, and in
fact, of civilization itself.
>> Who's going to stop
this from happening?
The president doesn't
know it's occurring.
The Congress
oversight committees
have no idea what's going on.
And you have these
people who are
in the deep national
security state who
basically do what they want.
The problem is most
of these inventors
think that the world is going
to beat a path to their door.
Unfortunately,
Murder, Incorporated
beats a path to
their door first.
>> But free energy
technology was only one half
of the equation when it came
to advanced extraterrestrial
technology.
Early research into
antigravity technology
gained momentum in the
1940s, as Adolf Hitler
poured tremendous resources into
developing his secret weapon,
the so-called flying bell.
Once we acquired
these technologies,
they were augmented
with the study
of retrieved
extraterrestrial craft.
And we created our own fleet
of so-called alien reproduction
vehicles.
>> This was where Bell
Labs was involved.
This was where General
Electric was involved.
This was where a number
of high tech companies
gained their knowledge.
Lockheed Martin Skunk Works,
and EG&G, and Raytheon,
and eSystems, and Mitre
Corporation, and Booz Allen
Hamilton, and on and on and on.
I know many people who've
worked in these programs.
>> So we have things flying in
the Nevada desert that are 50
years beyond what
you could comprehend.
If you've seen it on
Star Wars or Star Trek,
we've been there, done that,
or decided it wasn't worth
the effort.
So that's coming from Ben Rich.
Ben Rich, head of the Skunk
Works between 1975 and 1991.
This is the original letter from
Ben Rich on Lockheed Advanced
Aeronautics Company letterhead.
"I am a believer, and
so is Kelly Johnson."
And here it says, "dear Ben,
there are two categories.
A, man-made UFOs, B,
extraterrestrial UFOs."
"Dear John, yes, I'm a
believer in both categories.
I feel everything is possible.
Many of our man-made UFOs
were unfunded opportunities.
In both categories, there are
lots of kooks and charlatans.
Be cautious.
Ben Rich."
>> "We now have the
technology to take ET home."
Ben Rich, CEO,
Lockheed Skunk Works.
>> It is being covered up, but
probably not for the reasons
you might think.
>> Within the
intelligence communities,
they have something called
ace in the hole technologies.
>> So secret they didn't
even talk about it.
>> November 12th of 1988
was their dog and pony show,
a classified military exhibit
at Norton Air Force Base.
>> And then off in a separate
section of the hangar behind
a curtain, which was opened
up once everyone had gathered,
were three of these so-called
alien reproduction vehicles
or ARVs.
>> The craft itself was hovering
off the floor with no landing
gear underneath it, nothing
supporting it from above.
To see something travel
across 12 miles of airspace
in under a second and a half,
make a couple of right angle
turns, and not make a supersonic
shockwave of any kind,
no sonic boom, which
I've personally
witnessed on a number of
occasions, I mean, it's just--
it changes your
whole perspective.
>> There were some
very good folks,
like Secretary Forrestal, and
others who wanted to bring
the subject out but in a way
where there would be contact
that would be peaceful between
humans and these civilizations.
But there were
other people who saw
the big goldmine of
militarism and war
profiteering and the
psychological warfare value.
>> Their mandate, repeat,
their mandate is to lie, deny,
and deceive.
>> There are people who've had
experiences with the technology
that were not able to
handle it psychologically,
because it just,
it defies reality.
>> And in this document, the CIA
director, Walter Smith, says,
"I am today transmitting to
the National Security Council
a proposal in which it is
concluded that the problems
connected with unidentified
flying objects appear to have
implications for
psychological warfare as well
as for intelligence
and operations."
So we have to take a step back
from all the jargon and all
the paranoia and "Star Wars"
movies for just a minute,
and realize that it's very
easy to set up a false flag
operation.
>> A false flag operation, also
known as a false indication
and warning, is a military
tactic in which you create
the illusion of a threat,
often by attacking yourself
and blaming the desired entity.
It's proven extremely
effective at uniting the public
around a perceived threat.
>> And this is actually a
well-known concept in military
intelligence circles.
We did it in the Gulf
of Tonkin in Vietnam,
where we exaggerated, if
not completely staged,
an attack on our Naval vessels
so we would stampede President
Johnson and the Congress into
vastly expanding the Vietnam
conflict to benefit, guess who?
The military industrial
complex and the war profiteers.
>> US military
officials, for example,
have planned through a project
called Operation Northwoods
back in 1962, to dress up Cuban
refugees in Cuban military
uniforms, have them
attack Guantanamo base,
and kill US military personnel,
sink US military ships,
and blow up shopping centers
in Miami, targeting--
killing refugees from Cuba,
to infuriate the American
population so that they
can invade and occupy Cuba.
It's astonishing
that anybody would
dare to make a
recommendation like that.
But they did.
>> You can look at Iraq.
Concocted all kinds
of false information
about weapons of
mass destruction,
which Saddam Hussein
did not have.
And it was known in intelligence
circles he didn't have.
Fracture that whole part of the
world, and now we have ISIS.
So we have to realize the
machinations and manipulations
that go on behind the scenes
leave us very vulnerable.
And the big one is this
one, where they could say,
oh, yes, the UFOs are real.
But guess what?
They're a threat, and we
need to unite the world,
like Will Smith said in the
original "Independence Day".
>> Something you want to add to
this briefing, Captain Hiller?
>> No, sir.
I'm just a little anxious
to get up there and whoop
ET's ass, that's all.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Right on.
>> Efforts on the part of a
certain element within the kind
of ruling structures of our
planet to try to utilize
the discovery of
extraterrestrial intelligence
as an ultimate threat, the
ultimate other bad guys,
to justify the national security
state dream of locking down
and putting under complete
control of an authoritarian
ruling class to control the
planet and the resources.
>> "The nations of the
world will have to unite,
for the next war will be
an interplanetary war.
The nations of the
Earth must someday
make a common front
against attack
by people from other planets."
General Douglas MacArthur.
>> Can you realize that we,
that you and I, that all of us,
have actually begun the
exploration of another world?
We have taken the first historic
step into our solar system.
I am Wernher Von Braun.
>> Wernher Von Braun was one
of the top scientists brought
to the US from Germany
after World War II.
As part of Operation
Paperclip, he
invented the V2 rocket
for Adolf Hitler,
and became the chief architect
of the Saturn V rocket
for NASA's Apollo moon missions.
In his deathbed confession,
Von Braun warned of a plot
to pull off the ultimate
false flag using back
engineered alien reproduction
vehicles to stage
an invasion from outer space.
>> When Von Braun was dying in
front of me the very first day
that I met him, he had tubes
draining out of his side.
And he was tapping on
the desk telling me,
you will come to Fairchild.
I was a schoolteacher.
"You will come to Fairchild.
And you will be responsible for
keeping weapons out of space."
The strategy that Wernher
Von Braun taught me
was that first,
the Russians were
the enemy against
whom we're going
to build space-based weapons.
Then terrorists
would be identified.
Then we were going to identify
third-world country crazies.
The last card is the alien card.
And all of it, he
said, is a lie.
A lie.
>> Have you been exposed or did
you come across in your career
and your network the False I&W
or the deceptive indication
or warnings projects
related to this?
>> Yes.
>> And what did you
find out about those?
>> That's pretty--
that's pretty hush.
I don't think I should
talk about that.
Yeah.
>> I mean, that's why--
when I briefed the head of the
Defense Intelligence Agency,
that was the main subject.
>> That is-- yeah,
that's very sensitive.
Yeah, it's very sensitive.
Yeah.
>> I occasionally think
how quickly our differences
worldwide would vanish if we
were facing an alien threat
from outside this world.
>> Well, the only problem
with that is that if you look
at the technologies that permit
for interplanetary interstellar
travel, it's 1,000 times more
developed than a hydrogen bomb,
which if we were to have a
massive exchange of nuclear
weapons, would leave most of
all life on Earth extinguished.
Therefore, how could we
possibly have armed conflict
with another planetary system
for more than a nanosecond
and survive it?
They know that we couldn't.
But it's a way of
manipulating the public.
The demagoguery of fear,
jingoism, false nationalism,
and creating a
boogeyman out in space.
>> Were you surprised when
your daughter enlisted?
>> Not at all.
She's a born leader.
I know I've been
taking orders from her
since she was five years old.
>> So you don't worry about her?
>> Of course I worry about her.
I fought in the war in
'96, and I know what
those things are capable of.
But I know what my
daughter is capable of.
And I know this planet is safer
because she's defending it.
>> They could pull it off.
They could definitely
pull it off.
Right now, they
have the technology
to mimic the form,
fit, and function
of extraterrestrial UFOs.
They have the
technology, absolutely.
It's seamless and you can
never tell the difference.
If they do have a
false flag invasion,
they're going to
use one of these.
This is the Hudson
Valley Boomerang.
This is 1982 to 1989.
Over 25,000 eyewitnesses
reported this craft.
They can use the saucers,
the cigars, the pyramids,
the triangles as a
united coalition.
And that's how they're
going to do it.
We're talking about
150 to 172 feet across
for the wingspan, which is the
identical wingspan of the B2
stealth bomber.
So the question
we need to ask is,
was some of that $22.4
billion used on the B2 poured
into this program?
It's the exact same time frame.
When they power up and
when they accelerate,
it looks like a spark
off a grinding wheel.
And you could never
know the difference.
So if they want to do a
hoax an alien invasion,
they could do it.
And they could do it in a
way that's 100% believable.
>> They started doing all
kinds of psychological warfare
entrainment of the public
by staging hoaxed events,
such as cattle mutilations.
Oh, it's a flying
saucer did that.
It's a covert paramilitary
program, human.
So if you wanted to start
indoctrinating people
into a "false threat
from outer space"
that Wernher Von
Braun warned us,
about you would start staging
events that look alien,
but that are completely
man-made that are scary
and scare the hell
out of people.
>> UFO encounters are
categorized into four groups.
Close encounters
of the fourth kind
include people who
claim to have been
abducted by extraterrestrials.
If you had a close encounter
of the fourth kind,
and you are back, we're
anxious to hear from you.
>> Enter stage left, you got
these sort of antigravity
devices with creatures that
look like ETs that are actually
man-made robotic systems.
They're called
programmed lifeforms.
And you start doing select
interfaces with the public.
>> We did do that.
Yes.
OSI did that.
There was a special group out of
the 760 second year intel wing
at Fort Belvoir.
They came out and did that.
They had these people that had
maybe some sort of defects,
anatomical defects, that were
brought in to fool people
into thinking they were aliens.
Yeah.
I can't give you any specifics,
because the program is
still classified.
And they probably
are still doing it.
I wouldn't doubt if they
were still doing it.
>> So they've already got this
psychological warfare already
embedded into the minds
of people to expect
an extraterrestrial,
not a secret aircraft,
but an alien craft.
So when they do
pull this, they'll
already have everything
ready to roll.
>> These civilians got onto the
base, and got into something.
They saw something they
weren't supposed to see.
And this group came out
and went into their home
and scared the dickens
out of them and--
>> Staged an alien event.
>> Exactly.
>> The government will use the
extraterrestrial phenomenon
to cover their own
deep black programs.
And so that's the fight
that we're up against here.
>> And then it makes it out
through the movie industry,
and the UFO lore, and the
internet, and what have you.
And it starts creating
this specter of a threat.
>> Get away from her, you bitch.
>> Pardon me.
Are you from Mars?
>> [SPEAKING GIBBERISH]
[SCREAMING]
[EXPLOSIONS]
>> The fact that you and I are
still breathing the free air
of Earth is abundant testimony
to their restraint and non
hostility.
Now, the question is, how are
the civilizations viewing us?
Are they perceiving human
civilization as a threat?
And the answer is yes.
Because I believe
we've reached the point
where we're a threat not only
to our planet and each other,
but we're also developing
weapons systems that are
potentially a threat in space.
>> I just hope that it's
not like "Independence Day."
>> Yeah, right.
>> That it's, you
know, a conflict.
>> Well, now we have
friendly aliens.
>> It might be the only way to
unite this incredibly divided
world of ours.
If they're out there,
we better think
of how all the differences
among people on Earth
would seem small if we felt
threatened by a space invader.
That's the whole theory
of "Independence Day."
Everybody gets together and
makes nice, and, you know.
>> You and Bill O'Reilly would
be hiding in a bunker together.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
>> The most dangerous thing
going on the planet today
isn't ISIS.
It's not Iraq.
It's not Russia.
It's not China.
It's a out of control
covert group that is not
being overseen by the people,
the Congress, or the president,
who have developed
these technologies
and are recklessly using
them to track and target
extraterrestrial vehicles.
The result of this is that
we're in a crisis that
is unacknowledged, ironically,
because these projects are
unacknowledged.
>> What do you do?
Do you talk to your Congressman?
Do you write your Senator?
Do you march on the
White House lawn?
What good is that going
to do if the people who
run this government don't
have access to the programs?
They're not cleared for it.
So that's just not
the direction to go.
>> We'd better not
get this one wrong,
because this could be a threat
to all life on Earth if we are
reckless with this issue.
We need wise elders
that are humans
dealing with this situation.
And the sociopaths that are
in control of those programs
can't be allowed to speak for
planet Earth and for humanity.
>> Wresting power from the hands
of these powerful oligarchs
and corporations is going
to require a revolution.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> One of the more hopeful
events that happened over
the last decade was what I
call the French initiative.
I get a letter from the
Ministry of Defense.
And it's dated 16
January 2007, Urgent.
And it's signed by
Admiral Pierre Moran.
And he was in charge
of providing briefings
on this issue for then-President
of the French Republic Sarkozy.
They learned protocols
to make contact
with these civilizations
for peaceful engagement.
So here you have a major
country, a nuclear power,
making a commitment to do this.
And we eventually go to France.
And under the cover of
a quasi-public event,
the Admiral and his
assistants are there.
And we do the
protocols for contact.
And they track ET
craft coming overhead
at 200,000 kilometers an hour.
But what it shows is that
governments around the world
can actually do a lot,
if they wanted to,
to break the mold of secrecy
and do something helpful.
And this is the
proof that that's
happened with a major country.
This is arguably the most
important UFO document
in history.
The irony of it is I couldn't
disclose it for quite a while
until that president,
Sarkozy, was out of office.
And these folks were
not in harm's way.
>> There was an invitation
extended from the Vatican
to some 40 world scientists to
come to Castel Gandolfo outside
of Rome where the
Pontifical Observatory is.
And they spent a week
briefing the highest level
members of the Vatican.
They came out with an
official press statement.
Extraterrestrial
life is going to be
discovered much sooner
than anybody had previously
expected.
And for this reason,
the time has now
arrived for the beginning
of a very serious discussion
about the philosophical and
theological questions that
are posed to our human
family by the discovery
of extraterrestrial life.
>> There are civilizations that
we need to communicate with.
And I think we've reached
that point in our evolution
as a human race that we
need to recognize that.
And the thing that
disturbs me is
that the US is going
to be a third world
nation in that
field if we're not
careful by having
all of this secrecy
and refusing to set up any
kind of diplomatic protocols
as I know that you
have called for
and I believe in very strongly.
>> The biggest event in
the history of humankind is
the discovery that
we are not alone,
that there are other living
entities, intelligent entities,
in this universe
or other universes,
and that we aren't here alone.
That's a huge,
enormous discovery.
>> I think it's long past time
to open this up to the public.
>> Give this information to
the young people of the world
in this country.
They want to hear it.
They want it.
Give it to them.
Don't hide it and tell
lies and make stories.
They're not stupid.
They're not young
men that'll panic.
>> UFOs are as real as the
planes flying over your head,
and it's time that the United
States government started
coming clean on
what it's all about.
Because there are very important
military and economic issues
that have to be addressed.
And how can you
address a question
which relates to a subject
that people don't even--
won't admit exists?
>> And it's a mission that we,
as the Baby Boomer generation,
pass on to you.
>> Humanity is at a crossroads,
a choice between endless war,
war in space, growing poverty
and environmental destruction,
or a future where we
explore the stars,
live in peace with each other
and our planetary neighbors.
>> The technology is there.
The solutions to Earth's
urgent and long term
potential problems are there.
>> The technologies will change
the macroeconomic system,
because visualize for a
moment you're at your home.
All your power needs
are being provided
from one of these zero point or
quantum vacuum energy systems.
Your car is running, never
has to be plugged in.
You then can have agriculture
and manufacturing locally that
has very little cost to it.
And this is not just in
the US, but in places
that aren't yet developed.
The so-called third world
or developing world.
They're going to leapfrog right
over the smokestack industries
and go to high tech,
real high tech,
just like they've skipped
over telephone lines
and gone to smartphones.
This will be a tide that
will lift all ships.
The world will be increasingly
interconnected, and yet
on the local level, be
completely self-sufficient,
every village, every home.
And this is something that is
the biggest change economically
in the history of
the human race.
>> It's a big nut to crack.
But I think that if
you could do that,
I think that people would
stop looking at each other
with a certain level of
hostility like we do now.
>> I guess it's kind of corny,
but it's that bright future
that I see that we could all
attain if just a few things
could be changed.
>> Imagine interplanetary trade,
how exciting that would be.
>> You have to adjust
your cosmology.
You have to adjust your whole
concept of our human species
being at the apex of
all biological evolution
in the universe.
And you also have to, of
course, modify your judgment
that the entire universe was
created just as the stage
upon which the drama of the
human development is unfolding.
There's a lot more going on in
the universe than just that.
>> This is why it's time for the
people to lead the whole ending
of the secrecy and
do the disclosure.
>> As we, the human family,
confront the reality
of extraterrestrial life, it is
perhaps worthwhile to reflect.
Was our doubt really due
to a lack of evidence,
or merely a lack of imagination?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When it comes to Area 51
and whether or not the US
government knows of aliens,
should Secretary Clinton be
elected president?
>> Well, what I've talked
to the secretary about,
and what she said now in
public, is that if she's elected
president, when she
gets into office,
she'll ask for as many records
as the United States federal
government has to
be declassified.
And I that's a commitment
that she intends to keep,
and that I intend
to hold her to.
>> Have you seen any
of these documents?
You were White House
Chief of Staff years ago.
>> You know, President Clinton
asked for some information
about some of these things.
And in particular, some
information about what
was going on at Area 51.
But I think that
the US government
could do a much better job in
answering the quite legitimate
questions that people
have about what's
going on with unidentified
aerial phenomena.
And they should-- you
know, the American people
can handle the truth.
So they should just
do a thorough search--
>> What is the truth?
And is there evidence
of alien life?
>> You know, that's for
the public to judge once
they've seen all of the evidence
that the US government has.
>> What do you think personally?
>> What do I think?
I think there's a lot
of planets out there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]